Hello how are you family welcome one
more day to this channel that you like so much and
that you are enjoying so much not
only this one but my other two
channels are also fully
active it seems this is atresmedia or
mediaset or something like that we are
with all the channels full and by
the way this just happened to me on Twitter I mean I
put this on Twitter no
joke okay it's a like that mediaset
gave to a retweet that I made Okay I
get the impression that it was an
accidental like from someone who was
stalking me okay the competition you who
are editing this video please don't
go to mediaset when they get
jealous and nothing family today we are going to
talk about a subject that is quite serious
and that I find quite curious
really I had been
with this video pending to record for three or four days and in
fact I have started recording it today
whose information has changed And why has
the information changed because it is a
judicial issue that is happening in
Colombia the laws in Colombia are different
and functioning at another
pace and in a different way than here in Spain It
turns out that there was a sentence with a
conviction that was appealed because  It was a
scandal and an outrage, nonsense
now we will talk about it and precisely
today that I am recording this video Tuesday the
13th, the result has come out, let's say, of that
appeal, not the resolution of that appeal
and it has been a little better although I think it is still
a scandal, I think that
behind the case that we are going to discuss in
this video there is a lot of
corruption and political power, corruption
not at the level of gaining power but
corruption at the level of even interfering
in justice so that there is revenge and
not only with one person but with
their relatives as well. Let's see, I tell you,
I do not know the law in Colombia but
what you are going to see is very strange it is
very exaggerated, I mean, I don't know, the
truth is Colombia recently we were
talking about Carlos Feria, that is,
clearly an abuser,
violently abused his wife in front of the entire
internet in front of his young daughter, he
used the daughter to be on TikTok and the
justice system, those who are in charge of taking care of
the minors there in Colombia did
absolutely nothing because the law in
Latin America is usually Latin America and really,
now in this case they were
asking for 17 years in prison, well, I don't know, let's
see, it's not like I'm going to  applaud the things they are
doing and so on but it
also seems a little
proportionate to me But anyway, make yourselves comfortable
families because I am going to give you all the
details of this case, I am going to comment and I
want that at the same time that I am
commenting you also give me
your opinion in the
comments box and in the chat, subscribe to the
Channel, give it a like and let me know if you
want me to continue talking about this topic
Ayda Victoria Merlano is one of the
most important influencers in Colombia, she
is 22 years old and was sentenced a few
days ago for three crimes that could add up to
a sentence of between 10 and 17 years in
prison without the possibility of house
arrest, that is, she could go to prison
when we talk about house arrest it is
a kind of modality that
Colombian justice gives in which if you do not
exceed the 8 years of sentence to go to
jail you can serve it at home, I do
n't know, it is out of my control if they
put some kind of device on you, not like we have
seen many times in movies
so that you do not leave your house to
keep you under control Maybe I have seen
too many movies and that  it's too much
fantasy But well I don't know how they will
control the fact that you don't leave
your house for 7 years today
September 13th Thursday she responded to the
appeal sentencing her to 90 months of
house arrest that is 7 and a half years and
well being seven and a half years then
obviously it can be
granted to her to serve it at home the
question is that before they were
asking her for an outrage a scandal without
having sufficient irrefutable evidence
without having compelling reasons to
take away the freedom of this influencer
who was not an influencer before now I will
tell you about some things that are good they are
wrong but they are not that serious
now we will go into detail I am going to
tell you the whole story to understand
this story and I want you to be very
attentive because this case is very
important and it will surely go
very viral all over the world we have to
go back a few years
specifically to October 1st
2019 at that time this girl
was not famous she was not even an influencer and she
had no idea that with the passage of
time she was going to become one
millionaire person And according to some media
her assets today reach
approximately one and a half million
dollars since this girl has known how to take
advantage of her career as a model and her
career in the networks promoting
brands and acting as influencers
apparently there in Colombia Well, the
influencers who handle these numbers get
paid very well it is not like in other
countries where brands
sometimes pay influencers less than,
for example, television networks
having the same or greater reach her
main social network is Instagram where she
has more than 3 and a half million
followers and where she shows her
modeling photos and makes some
promotional videos she also tells some
things about her life and the truth is that at
first glance it gives me the impression of
being an intelligent girl who knows how to
turn to the public and explain
things quite well The other protagonist
of this story is her mother her name is also
Aida Merlano now I will explain
why they are both called exactly the
same names and surnames but the
sentence that they are asking for the daughter
was not directly caused by the
daughter of yes but by the mother in
2018 Colombia was preparing to
elect the  senators who will make up the
congress of the republic that well It is
something similar to the congress of deputies
here in Spain although with some
differences Of course because we are
talking about a republic And not a
monarchy But well the important thing is that it
is a position in the place where
the laws are approved on March 11,
2018 there is Merla was not elected with more
than 73,000 votes as a senator supported
by some important politicians from the
Colombian Caribbean coast however
the same day in which she was appointed
senator the country's prosecutor's office raided
happens It seems that finding
some evidence of vote buying
according to the defense of the then senator
this evidence that they found of setting up and
legality and corruption on her part
They were implanted by the police itself
Even in the security cameras we
can see how the police
while they are supposedly
searching the headquarters it seems that they are
saving and putting things in the
crime scene they
enter electoral certificates in
a plastic bag and also appear
in the same place some projectiles the
new one of fire that were also
related as elements found
in the doctor's kitchen the
security camera of march 11 after more
than two hours of search a police
apparently a firearm in this
procedure weapon that was later
manipulated by other investigators who
were at the scene and who presented
as part of the evidence against the
former congresswoman merln
makes that takes something out and then they come and
precisely take out the suspicious revolver in that place
true calm that
only the video has just started
despite images however a judge
convicted her only a few months later saying that it
was clear that she was
involved in this electoral fraud that they
had plenty of evidence I'm not going to give
names nor am I going to go too deep into the
subject this is only speculation
but it seems that there is someone very powerful
who has a mania for this woman and that has been
able to push a little not to make this
happen there de merlano was sentenced to 15
years in prison for the crime of fraud
the crime of electoral fraud in
reality in Colombia does not add up to that many years it
is an outrage 15 years what happens is
that they also charged her with
weapons offenses as much as in the
video  You see, it's the police themselves
who put the weapons there and this
greatly aggravates the sentence. Of
course, she insists on her innocence, but she
also admits that for a long time she has
felt used as a tool
by some powerful politicians.
15 years of imprisonment,
but the weapon was implanted in
her. The guy takes off his
etiquette and then takes out a weapon that nobody
knew who it belonged to. Of course, how were they going to
know who it was if a
police officer put it in her while she was in prison? There are some
[ __ ]. She threatened from prison
to betray several very
powerful people in the political clan to which she
belonged and by whom she felt
betrayed. She
also
feared for her life in prison.
Although she was in a special section
during that year, she also tried to commit
suicide on a couple of occasions.
Imagine, if you think that someone
can manipulate justice in this
way and get you charged with whatever
crimes they want and that you serve
all the years in prison that come their way.
Well, it's normal that it goes over your head.
the head that in that prison well not
be safe that anything can happen to you
and that then surely there will
be no one responsible It is normal that it
crosses your mind I am not saying that it is I
say that it is normal that it crosses your
mind at least there is Victoria at
that time she was only 19 years old and she
had been left alone with her 17 year old brother
since this lady was a single mother
because she had a good relationship with her
father to whom by the way she recently gave a
Mercedes for his birthday they
had a good relationship a
cordial relationship but not a very close relationship
therefore she had to apart from
being alone
also take care of her brother she
occasionally traveled from Barranquilla to
the Bogot prison to visit her
mother and keep an eye on her in the end she
decided to go live near the capital
where her mother was in
prison to be even more attentive to
her mother and be there for whatever she
needed she supported her mother
despite the mistakes that she could have made to
end up in jail
and since her mother told her this that you
are seeing on screen my mother
told me one day on the phone daughter if you  You feel
ashamed, ashamed, there it is. To shame, no,
if you're ashamed, if you're ashamed
that they relate to me. Don't talk about
me, don't say that they know me. No. At that
time, the influencer, who was not yet an influencer,
whose real name was Caroline
Manzaneda Merlano, changed her name to the
exact same name as her Ada
Victoria Merlano to show her that she
felt no shame at all for her mother. At
that time, as I'm telling you,
Ayda Victoria was not yet an influencer, she
was not even known, although she was the
daughter of a politician, she was an
unknown psychology student who was going to
university. What I'm going to tell you now
is, I think, the strongest point, no, and the
most relevant point that changes the whole
story and it's like a movie. Ada Merlano
escapes from prison on October 1,
2019. Ada Merlano obtains permission
to undergo an
aesthetic ontological treatment that dealt with A
design for The smile. If you're going to
ask me the reason why
prisoners are given permission to go to
jail to undergo a treatment or
cosmetic surgery, I can't explain it, I
can simply tell you the
reason.  the same one for which some
prisoners there are reported to be in
luxury cells and some others even have
permission to have parties from the
LATAM jail is taken from the prison by
guards, special
police guards who are in charge of watching over
people deprived of their liberty, that
is, the prisoners, it must be said that
suspiciously their security level
was lowered from level 2 to level 1 just
a few weeks before her appointment, so
only two guards accompanied her, that is,
only two guards accompanied her from jail to the clinic and the driver
inside the office, only
the dentist accompanied her, her two children
only and the owner of the clinic, the
security guards stay at
the door and meanwhile she, who of
course had already made the whole plan
to escape, carried it out,
the two security guards
stayed outside trusting that since they
were on the third floor, they wouldn't be
able to escape anywhere, but
Ada Merlano, when she finished the treatment, that
is, with her smile newly
composed, changed her clothes and did all
this series of movements and
circumstances that were  captured by
the security cameras of the clinic
here we can see her son, her daughter, her daughter
approaches and gives her what looks like a cell phone, she
puts it here between her legs and the
mother keeps it, I don't know why she
might give her a cell phone, I think she'll give her
a cell phone so she can communicate with them
or maybe it's the mother's own cell phone
so that when she gets there she can
communicate with them or whatever. There we
see how she keeps it inside her chest,
the daughter is telling her something in her
ear and then she starts to take out the rope that she
already has hooked on it, she pulls it and asks,
okay, the sequence continues in this video
that you're going to see in which a motorcycle arrives
below where she is, the motorcycles
stay there waiting, there's the red rope,
people seem to be worried about her, I do
n't know what, she goes to the motorcycle
directly, gets on the motorcycle,
puts on her helmet and see you later, in fact,
too calm, eh, See you later, the
truth is that the getaway was incredible
and it turned out perfectly because Bogot is a
city with hundreds of thousands of motorcycles and
also at that time of day it's easy to
get confused and not even realize who she is.
to a place where there are no
cameras on the streets and by the time they
realize that she has escaped Well, who
knows where you were Oh
dear, he jumps across the street at 2:56 p.m. and
only two minutes Later a
dental assistant comes in and realizes that
Aida is no longer there and has gone out the
window but by then
more than enough time has passed for them to
no longer find her According to her daughter, she
had no idea that her mother was thinking of
escaping or that she had everything planned
really and being objective being
realistic if you are seeing that your
mother is changing clothes in front of you
you know and if you don't know at least you
suspect I was in an office or
normal with my mom there visiting her and
suddenly I passed sent the third floor blew up
my mom Jumped out that window her
freedom
my mom jumping her freedom and me
jumping I mean you um I'm going normally I go
down the stairs everything is fine sorry the
advisor is everything is fine Well normal I
go out and I think two dragons run away
but I said Okay the
dragons of the empire Yeah yeah  I said they're
probably going to look for the car to
bring it and take her away, you didn't know she had
run away when all these
videos happened you already knew tell us two hours
okay I left normal in the Andean Pretend [ __ ] me in the
studio F buying
clothes me what son you're going to know that
that lady ran away and when suddenly
I was grabbing my clothes Okay ready I'm going to
pay and suddenly she calls me you're
watching the news and I I do
n't believe the fact that she didn't
know that the mother was going to run away
Likewise, as in many other countries, when there is
a degree of consanguinity, it
would not be a crime, you have the right
not to have to report your mother when
it comes to a brother, I think also
to a husband and I think to a father,
mother and children when it is a relative to
that degree in most countries it
is not a crime that you are covering up for her, let's not
say no, it is not a crime that you
know and you keep your mouth shut and do not
report her, what could be a crime in
some countries is being an accomplice. In other words, that
you commit the crime with her that you
help her escape in this case that she
gave her the rope that she
was entertaining or deceiving
the vigilantes or trapping them in a
scene we have seen how it seems that
she gives something black that looks like a
cell phone to her mother and her mother
keeps it for her I think it is a
cell phone that she gives to the mother so that she can
contact them when she
arrives wherever it is a cell phone is not being
used for an escape
therefore it would not be an element with which she
can be blamed for helping her escape
what could be helping her would be the
rope the rope would be an element
with which she would collaborate with her
mother to commit a crime or an
accomplice according to the media and according to the
prosecution the events happened as
follows at around 10 in the
morning the Merlanos brothers arrived at the
office located in the north of
Bogot the then minor Esteban
Jos Manzaneda was wearing jeans
white t-shirt black sweatshirt white
tennis shoes and cap he was also carrying
a black backpack a black backpack okay
this suitcase is the key to the escape he never
took it off his back  According to
the film records, records
that by the way are nowhere to be found.
According to them, there are records in
which there are cameras that record
this, he looked nervous, he was biting his
nails, he was restless and entered
the bathroom with his backpack while his sister
Ida had ordered some hamburgers that
arrived in bags, they distributed them and the
former congresswoman Ada Merlano took one in her
hands and went to the same bathroom
that her minor son had entered moments before,
the empty bag
that the now fugitive Lucia entered with is no longer
empty, on the contrary, it had several
items inside, what was it about? The
conclusion is that Clara, her son had
the red rope, gloves,
clothes and even a wig in the suitcase that he left
there waiting for his mother to
pick him up, which she effectively did, and
Esteban stayed outside to distract
the guards. They are sincerely saying
that in addition, this is all recorded, that there
is recording evidence that contradicts
this, there is no evidence, okay, what is on the
clinic's camera and so on, but all
these movements cannot be seen, okay, I mean, there are
no cameras in the bathroom, simply
well  are you sure of this or they come to
this conclusion they put it to you like this and that's it
Okay, also, a kid who
tries to distract the guards Well, the
truth is, man, we're not in a
Disney movie, you can't start making him bad
and the guards be stupid knowing
that they have a person inside who
can escape from the
dentist's prison, it was ruled out that he participated
because just a week ago he was
declared innocent by the judge and it was
concluded that he did not participate at any
time in the escape. A few days later,
Ada Victoria Merlano is captured by the police at the door of her
house in a
very aggressive and very strange way, very
uncommon. By the way, according to what she has been
telling there de la Victoria in the
Nicols Arrieta Channel, it seems wrong to her that the
mother involved her in this way
if she was thinking of escaping because with this she has
also stained her children, mom
also goes too far, take you. Hey, I
want to eat and not involve my daughter in
this, but my father is normal, the father is
normal, how messy,
risky, my mom walks in China how she
flies, the game one one stays like
in a black cloud, flew
away, I, to whom  I ask permission to go
out because on the street in the apartment
alone 18 years what did you do that was the
first thing that yes
evidently she got involved because
her mother lent her a hand this I
imagine it is a way of dissembling
from the media as It is evident no
because she knows that they are watching her and more
considering the case in question and
being the daughter of a politician Victoria
after knowing that her mother escaped
returns to the city of Barranquilla to
her house and through her lawyer informs
the prosecutor's office of her new telephone number
and the address where she is living In
case she needs it and as I was
telling you three days after this there is
a very traumatic event in which
suddenly the police dressed in civilian clothes, that
is, without uniforms and with weapons
pointed at them, surround her in the car
arriving at her house and it gives her a pretty
big scare they pull out a gun on me it's
an old woman in civilian clothes thank you
At that moment I said They are going to kill me I don't
swear that was very strong I had
post-traumatic stress for a long time
how strong I mean but if someone is going
to kill me I mean me  what I thought was they were going
to kill me they were dressed in civilian clothes
how many people are there four times
four are there and then more get out of the
car in total there were like 16 20 people
there look I get out and with the gun
there on my back of course grabs And what
happens at that moment I remember
that I turn around and I say to the girl I
ask you please don't kill me I told her
because the first thing I thought was how they
were recording me Look you see that person
who was recording I said They're going to
record me they'll shoot me and they sent it
to my mother the truth is that you're going to
agree with me that these are not
appropriate ways to arrest a person who is
not playing around and who is
not armed or resisting I
understand that they have the criminal record and
maybe a bad image because of the
mother no And that the mother has
escaped but at that moment also if you
are catching her by surprise in a place
where she can no longer escape because she
was like putting the car in the
garage no obviously This is not
normal in her capture there were several
irregularities the first one that  The
police asked several judges for an
arrest warrant against her until one
accepted it, which is illegal. Well, you
can only ask a judge once and if the judge
denies it, you have to
appeal, don't go looking for your judge
until one admits it and the other
irregularities. Well, they were
caught on camera as you can see. And the thing
is, you can't capture
someone who isn't fleeing this way. I
probably would have peed my
pants immediately from
that moment on because Ada had to accept
that her mother was going to be a
fugitive for a long time, her whole life,
surely. And well, as a result of all
these moves and these scandals, she
was able to become an influencer and,
as was being mentioned at the beginning
of the video, a millionaire, in other words, that girl has
become a millionaire out of nowhere while her
daughter was on trial
for alleged complicity. Having
supposedly helped her mother
escape, they find the mother and
capture her in Venezuela. However, the
general political situation in
these countries complicated the situation for
Venezuela to send her to Colombia,
basically Colombia and Venezuela.  They don't
have a great relationship, so to speak, and
no, they don't have any kind of
diplomatic relationship, and there is no extradition, no, that's what it's
called, in fact, Colombia and other
countries like the United States, Brazil, and for
a time the European Union considered
Juan Guaid as president of Venezuela,
however, the president who
controls the police in Venezuela is
called Nicols Maduro, for this reason, the
Colombian government at that time
asked, through the person they
considered the president, but who did not
have the power to do so because he does not
control the police, Nicols Maduro
takes advantage and asks the
Colombian government to recognize him as
president of Venezuela if they want
Aida Merlano to be extradited to her country, to
which Colombia refused. Venezuela,
having no reason to keep
this woman detained, set her free and gave her asylum
in the country where she is currently
protected. A
few days ago, Colombia changed its position
on this matter and they decided to accept
Nicols Maduro as president of
Venezuela, but of course, afterwards, it's
a little strange that they have a woman to
whom they have given political asylum and now
suddenly hand her over to the country that
wants to lock her up. Well, for life, no,
because on top of that, it was that one.  escaped
you tell me no But well we'll see what
happens because someone with the
characteristics of Nicols Maduro
can allow himself whatever he wants I think I am
like any person in my situation
would be if they sentenced me a few hours ago
Unlike what people may
think that it is four years or that it is a
crime in which they are not going to give me cancer
what they can give me house arrest What
the prosecution is really asking for is 17
years without access to house arrest
deep down in my heart I truly believe in
justice my lawyer was appealing and we are
waiting for the judge to say what will
happen from now on that is what is
happening I would love to go
wipe my tears come and maybe
do this a little more controlled but I
really can't be better and on the
other hand yes I am reading the DM and I have been
very surprised by the amount of
nice messages that I have received Because
if I am honest, I mean I can count on the
fingers of one hand the people who have
scared me like this
the prosecution is asking for 17 years in prison
but the judge's sentence was finally
before the appeal Between 10 and 12 years the
crimes for which he  They condemn in this
first instance would be several crimes
aiding escape and
instrumentalization of minors
this crime has caught them completely
by surprise and in the end It seems that
the judge has dismissed it in the first
place Here there are several errors okay in
this sentence the crime of aiding
escape Applies to those responsible, that
is, the guards who accompanied him or
to Ada Victoria in the event that the
judge considers that not only
was she an accomplice but that she
actively participated in the escape if they only
condemn her for the fact which is what
really happened in the end in the
appeal being less than 8 years in
Colombia she can have the benefit of
house arrest and in addition the judge
accepts it and considers it suitable the surprise
is the crime of use of minors whose
minimum sentence is 10 years and in Colombia
crimes related to minors do not
have benefits there are many people
who have come out publicly to defend
that they do not agree at all and that it is
complete nonsense Even the crime of
aiding escape the argument of
the prosecution that approved the judge was based
on the following investigation of the
prosecution everything was a
perfectly armed plan in which
the daughter of  the congresswomen as you
see it on the screen while her mother
changes the clothes she came from
prison with to a white one she stares
without having any questions how
the judge explained it with knowledge of the
plan and pay attention because the
congresswomen gets up from the chair already
changes clothes and opens a briefcase where she
has the famous red escape rope
but not only does she get up Ada
Victoria also does it to her daughter she
makes a sign of where to camouflage the
rope so as not to be discovered and then she will
leave Victoria says goodbye to her mother and
also leaves her a black item
that she later keeps in her chest I
this argument Well yes I understand it
perfectly, I mean it's not that she collaborates
because she is not giving it to the
elements but she does know, I mean it's very
clear that she knows the fact that she
knows it, well we have already talked about it before that it
is not a crime, it would not be aiding and abetting
escapes, aiding and abetting escapes would be
that she was the one who brought the
rope or who entertained the
guards therefore the fact that
she knows and realizes that the mother is
dressing and that she sees the rope  Of all this
nonsense, well, it is not relevant because it
is not a crime, what one sees is that
if the only evidence that the
judge has to consider is the knowledge
that Aida Victoria Merlano had of
her mother's escape, then the Constitution
protects her and that protection is above
any duty that may
exist. In other words, if there is only
evidence that she knew, there is no
legal norm in the world in a
democratic system that requires a
doctor to talk about his patient, a
lawyer about his client, much less
a goddaughter of his mother. I think that
the explanations here are above and
that you are all understanding me and not
much more is needed, at most I
want to consider that leaving her the cell phone could have
helped her in some way in her escape,
although we already saw that she keeps it close to her
chest, it seems not and that is not an
element with which she has escaped, the
crime of instrumentalization of minors
or use of minors is the one that is
causing her many more problems and the one that
could bring her down the
drain. Oh, Victoria was 19 years old at
that time and her brother was 17 years old,
weeks away from turning 18.  so she
was still a minor even if it was for just a
few weeks the penalty for this crime is
between 10 and 20 years in prison and the
prosecution is asking for the minimum
10 what happens is that as I'm
telling you crimes involving
minors do not qualify for any benefit
As for example the one from house arrest
jail at home this one that you are seeing on
screen is the article that talks about
this crime you see the part that is
underlined in purple Well if you see it says whoever
induces facilitates uses constrains
promotes or instrumentalizes a minor under
18 years of age to commit crimes promotes said
use we have pointed it out because you
see that if we abide And if we stick
to the literal not to the
literal words it talks about crimes in the plural the
sentence for the crime called use of a
minor has absolutely no
chance of prospering I hope the
judge reconsiders and looks at it between now and
Tuesday when he announces so that yes it is
absolutely Clear that it makes no
sense because the crime requires that one
uses a minor to commit
crimes in the plural  and here they
are only accusing him of alleged
complicity in price gouging. I
really think that the
plural and singular thing is very far-fetched, I
mean, it doesn't make much
sense. I think it's a way of
writing and what, and whoever writes like that in
plural is referring to
committing crimes. Because they can be several
crimes, well, it can be a crime of
killing, it can be a crime of stealing, it can
be a crime of I don't know what, I see it as
very far-fetched. I don't see much
sense in what he's saying, although it is a
way of conjugating words. I mean, it does
n't make much sense that you insist a
minor commit a crime and if it is a
crime, only you are not committing
any crime. But if you are inciting yourself
to two crimes, then yes, it doesn't make much
sense. Everyone trusted.
Likewise, that the judge
was going to annul this crime and if the judge didn't annul it
because there are many occasions in which
the same judge you appeal to him and this happens
here in Spain too, not the same judge
many times you appeal to him and it's like
admitting that he made a mistake.
bad at their job or whatever and it
costs them No but Aida's defense was
willing to take her to the
Supreme Court and they were completely sure
that this crime was going to be annulled the
question would be that if the judge had
gone ahead with this sentence that was
imposed in the first instance, he could have
even asked that while the
appeal was being made and not to the other instances
she be in jail okay There
the judge would decide if while they waited for
the appeal she was in jail or
outside she could wait no so there
was a little bit of fear because this
girl didn't know how much
freedom she had left or not in reality legally right now I have to
wait until Tuesday
to see if I can wait in freedom for the
second instance ruling or if they
issue an immediate arrest warrant for me
so what I am sure of is that
at least this week I will be
free and so I asked myself what am I
going to do this week and it's very
curious because that is a question that
one never asks oneself or I mean how would I live
my life if this were my last week
of freedom if they told me next
week that they were going to put me in jail and
when one starts to do that analysis
realize that prison is not only
the place that looks like tarot that fulfills
the functions but also prisons
these prisons he I don't dare prison is
him I can't well nothing in the end as I
'm saying on Thursday he decided to
sentence her solely for the crime of
having helped her mother escape seven and a
half years that she can serve at
home okay I've been asking and they
told me yes that just like in Spain it is
supposed that with good
behavior and if she doesn't mess things up more and so on
that the seven years then they go re The
problem is that a couple of days ago it was
known that Victoria fell she is also
accused in a separate process for
alleged money laundering and
illicit enrichment that apparently
would be a consequence of receiving
money that belongs to the mother and will continue to
manage assets that belong to the mother
true to answer now in a new
formal process for money laundering and
illicit enrichment the prosecutor's office
had been working on this secretly in
secret for several months and
apparently everything derives from the fact that she would be
managing assets owned
by her mother this crime I do not understand
very well neither the meeting nor head or
tail okay But well I'm not  lawyer or
footballer or anything but I do see that there
could be a bit of persecution here
okay I don't know I would have to
find out about this if you want me to talk about it
in another video ask me okay if this
video has a lot of support and I see that you
liked it And such I inform myself about this second
case and we talk about it no but yes I do get
the impression that there is like
a persecution here no like there is someone
there from the political power who is above
this family no and that they want to
get rid of them in the middle okay they want to get rid of them
in the middle and make them pay for what they have
done and maybe
society is holding her back a little bit no the support that
this girl is receiving for having
become an influencer and having
managed to get her case made known
all over the world no And have the whole
planet not paying attention to what they
are doing there no what hands are they
putting in there and How strange what is
happening there no but well in
family at the moment This is the situation
no seven and a half years seven and a half years
of imprisonment at home that surely well will
continue to reduce or not We will see why
they are coming after her tell me  and
let me know what you think about this topic if I'm from Colombia I want you to put me above all in the comments box if it's normal for someone to be condemned like this because what I've seen have been many cases of people who have committed very serious crimes in Colombia and have left
Rosita. In other words, nothing has happened to them, we are going to
use justice well always or
as a weapon or as corruption. What's going on
here, no family, let's see what you think, I'll
be reading you,
see you in the next video
[Music]